Steps for mapping guests in Keycloak SAML (#8572)
mattermost/docs: source/administration-guide/onboard/sso-saml-keycloak.rst

You may also configure SAML for Keycloak by editing ``config.json``. Before starting the Mattermost server, edit ``config.json`` to enable SAML based on :ref:`SAML configuration settings <administration-guide/configure/authentication-configuration-settings:saml 2.0>`. You must restart the Mattermost server for the changes to take effect.

Configuing a SAML user as a Guest in Keycloak
---------------------------------------------

1. In the Mattermost **System Console** go to **Authentication > SAML**.

2. Set the **Guest Attribute** to the a value you will use to designate which SAML users are guests

   .. image:: ../../images/mm-guset-config.png
        :alt: In Mattermost, configure the SAML guest attribute

3. In the Keycloak admin UI add a user attribute mapper for guests

>   - Select *Clients* from the LHS menu

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  a. Select **Clients** from the LHS menu.
```

>   - Select *mattermost* from the list

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  b. Select **mattermost** from the list.
```

  - Select the  *Client Scopes* tab
  - Select *mattermost dedicated* from the list of scopes

>   - Click the *Add mapper* drop down and select *By configuration* 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  e. Select the **Add mapper** drop-down option and select **By configuration**.
```

>   - Select *User Attribute* on the model that opens

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  f. Select **User Attribute** from the window that opens.
```

>   - Add values for *Name*, *User Attribute* and *SAML Attribute Name* as shown

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  g. Add values for **Name**, **User Attribute**, and **SAML Attribute Name**.
```
